# Binary-Samples

Open repository of binary sample collections for binary analysis.

### Disclaimer by Reversing.ID

Untuk versi Bahasa Indonesia, lihat [README.md](README.md).

This repository is used to collect binary samples in various formats and architectures. Other than used for reverse engineering exercise, the samples provided can be used as test-suite for binary analysis tools.

This repository is a free and open repository. It means everyone, internal or external of Reversing.ID, can access and use it. 

### Structure and Content

This repository can be divided into several categories (in different directories)

- Anty Analysis
- Format Anomaly
- Normal
- Packed

_Anti Analysis_ contains samples which implementing protection of binary to complicate the analysis process. Some protection implemented are: anti debugging, anti disassembly, and anti virtualization.

_Format Anomaly_ contains samples with anomaly in executable format. Anomaly can be a modified field, append / removal of certain parts, and some usage of specific features in the format.

_Normal_ contains samples of executables which generated by compiling a simple code for various operating system and architectures.

_Packed_ contains samples of executables which generated by packing a simple code with various packers.

### How to Contribute?

This is an open project.

You can share some samples which are not in the repository yet.

To do it, you should:

- Do a pull request
- Send mail to pengurus [at] reversing.id, or notify us at telegram group @ReversingID

You can also create a writeup or analysis of some samples and cite our repository.


Reversing.ID 
Revealing the truth through reverse engineering.
